Oh
hey Louise hey Vic how are you getting
better well alright
hey there you deserve good things honey
yeah maybe better than this shit hey
come on
what's wrong
nothing everything it's bullshit I mean
I'm a fucking mess didn't finish high
school got a kid buy a goddamn print
living on my sister's couch no hope come
on you're just going through a bad time
right now things will improve you'll see
show me a way out just show me a fucking
way out I don't know look at it this way
I've been kicked out of the military now
I'm working with jerks robbing people
all to pay for my brother's medical
bills while my mother freebase is half
the money I sent anyhow I am not the one
to ask for advice look at us
what a pair pathetic huh worse than
pathetic hey you want to go out maybe
get some fresh air
have some fun sure sounds good say Phil
said there was a quad bike race at the
trailer park there you go great quad
bikes and moonshine let's go
will the baby be okay back at your
sister's sure she'll be just fine I'm
looking forward to having me some fun
good luck Vic you'll need it
I totally don't remember
into the awesome reality with the
elefante insurrection turbo
for men more interested in
digital clock remote control mirrors
life's real cigarette yes Jamie
definition of freedom and luxury within
Ponte insurrection turbo xrz 5x - that
was great I had the best time
glad to hear it Louise look I'm a little
worried about your baby
Oh Mary Beth she'll be fine but maybe I
better get back
wait up I'll take you that's okay
will you call on me sometime Vic Vance